---
layout: default
title: Python
---

h1. Python

h3. IDE & Editor
* "Python Tools for Visual Studio":http://pytools.codeplex.com/
* "Eclipse":http://www.eclipse.org/ + "pydev":http://pydev.org/
* "Aptana":http://aptana.com
* "NetBeans":http://netbeans.org/
* "VIM":http://www.vim.org/
* "Emacs":http://www.gnu.org/software/emacs/
* "Sublime Text 2":/pages/software/sublime-text.html - 强大的代码编辑器，堪比MacOS下的textmate

h3. Web Framework
* "CheerPy":http://www.cherrypy.org/
* "Django":http://www.djangoproject.com/
** "dajaxice":http://www.dajaxproject.com/ - easy to use ajax library for django
** "imagekit":https://github.com/jdriscoll/django-imagekit/ - Automated image processing for Django models
* "Tornado":http://www.tornadoweb.org/
* "Flask":http://www.pocoo.org/projects/flask/ - a micro web framework
* "Pylons":http://pylonshq.com/
* "Tenjin":http://www.kuwata-lab.com/tenjin/
* "TurboGears":http://turbogears.org/
* "Web.py":http://webpy.org/
* "Bottle":http://bottlepy.org - 单文件小巧web framework

h3. Web Content Management System(CMS)
* *CMS*
** "Plone":http://plone.org/

* *BBS*
** "DjangoBB":https://bitbucket.org/slav0nic/djangobb
** "pyBB":https://bitbucket.org/zeus/pybb
** "Project Babel 2":https://github.com/livid/v2ex - 托管在google app engine上的社区系统

* *WIKI*
** "MoinMoinWiki":http://moinmo.in/

h3. Packages & Utility Class
* *CMS*
** "APScheduler":http://packages.python.org/APScheduler/ - APScheduler is a light but powerful in-process task scheduler that lets you schedule functions (or any other python callables) to be executed at times of your choosing.

* *Network*
** "lxml":http://lxml.de/ - 一款高性能Python XML库，支持XPath、XSLT，可对XML和HTML执行解析、序列化和转换等
** "requests":http://python-requests.org/ - Requests is an ISC Licensed HTTP library, written in Python, for human beings.

* *Templating Engine*
** "Jinja2":http://www.pocoo.org/projects/jinja2/ - Jinja2 is a popular text templating engine for Python

* *ORM*
** "autumn":https://github.com/luckythetourist/autumn - a Python ORM

* *Other*
** "odict":http://dev.pocoo.org/hg/sandbox/raw-file/tip/odict.py - 可以保证元素顺序的Dict
** "WTForms":http://wtforms.simplecodes.com/ - WTForms is a forms validation and rendering library for python web development.
** "Unofficial Windows Binaries for Python Extension Packages":http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/

h3. Other
* "bpython":http://bpython-interpreter.org/ - 支持语法高亮的控制台
* "APNS Python Wrapper":http://code.google.com/p/apns-python-wrapper/ - Python wrapper for Apple Push Notification Service. 
* "Pocoo":http://www.pocoo.org - The Pocoo Team consists of people from the Python community that are working under one umbrella on various Python libraries and applications.

h3. Ebooks
* *Python*
** "《简明 Python 教程 - a byte of python》":http://junnan.org/ebooks/a_byte_of_python/
** "《深入python - dive into python》":http://junnan.org/ebooks/dive_into_python/html/toc/
** "《深入python3 - dive into python3》":http://woodpecker.org.cn/diveintopython3/table-of-contents.html
** "《The Python Tutorial》":http://docs.python.org/tutorial/index.html
** "《Learn Python The Hard Way - 笨办法学Python》中文版":http://readthedocs.org/docs/learn-python-the-hard-way-zh_cn-translation/en/latest/index.html
* *Django*
** "《The Django Book》":http://djangobook.py3k.cn/2.0/
** "Django 1.3 Docs":http://junnan.org/ebooks/django_docs_1.3/